　　紧张的高考终于结束了，但是高考不仅仅只是中国人的事儿，不少外国媒体也对中国高考给予了极高的关注。　　　"Of the nine million sitting China’s toughest exam - known as the gaokao - one 17-year-old stands out: Wang Junkai, lead singer of China’s most popular boyband, TFBoys."　　“在900万参加中国高考的考生中，有一个17岁的男孩脱颖而出：王俊凯，他是中国最受欢迎的乐队TFBoys的队长。”　　To make foreigners understand who Wang is, CNN made an analogy with the US idol Justin Bieber taking his SATs. CNN has also illustrated how popular Wang is in China.　　为了让外国读者明白王俊凯是谁，CNN做了一个类比，说王俊凯参加高考就好像贾斯汀·比伯参加SAT一样。CNN还说明了王俊凯在中国的受欢迎程度。　　"When the young star took his high school entrance examination three years ago, the hashtag ’good luck’ had 170 million views on Weibo."　　“当他三年前参加中考的时候，微博上以‘好运’为标题的帖子浏览量达到了1.7亿。”　　"And this year, under the hashtag ’Good luck to Wang Junkai Gaokao 2017,’ Weibo has been flooded with more than one million posts from fans, media and celebrities ahead of the exam."　　“而今年，在微博上以‘王俊凯2017年高考好运’为标签的帖子下面，考前来自粉丝、媒体和名人们的留言超过了100万条。　　　"For millions of teenagers, it’s a big source of stress. For many businesses, it’s a great chance to make money."　　“对于几百万学生来说，高考让他们压力山大。但是对于许多商家来说，这是一个赚钱的好机会。”　　The story described how businesses, such as hotels raising rates, selling academic blessings and stocking up pharmacies, could make money from the test.　　这篇报道称，商家通过涨价、售卖考试护身符、囤积药物等方法可以从高考中获得丰厚的利润。　　　Fox News has compared the Chinese and Asian education with the US’.　　福克斯新闻将中国和亚洲的教育同美国的教育进行了比较。　　"The next time your teenager whines that schoolwork is stressing him or her out, mention gaokao."　　“下次你的孩子说学业太重时，跟他们说说高考吧。”　　"Compare China’s reverential attitude toward education with the US, where many high schools are so dangerous students pass through metal detectors every day."　　“和中国对教育的虔诚态度相比，美国许多高中都是如此的危险，学生每天都要通过金属探测仪。”　　4. Latin American Herald Tribune: Millions of Chinese students sit tough university entrance examination　　　该报谈到了高考对中国学生的重要性。　　"A successful examination can mark the beginning of a prosperous professional career, and also be the source of social pride for their families."　　“成功的高考预示着美好职业生涯的开始，也会给他们家庭带来社会自豪感。”　　"The exam has long been a national spectacle, with parents and family members, lower-grade students, and curious strangers all gathering in front of test centers to cheer on the newly-graduated high school students who go in for the exam."　　“长期以来高考都是一个全国性的现象，父母和家人、低年级学生、以及好奇的陌生人都会聚集在考点外，为参加高考的学生加油鼓劲。”　　5. Quartz: Millions of Chinese students—and a robot—will be sitting China’s most grueling academic exam　　　The report has eyed on the AI development in China, focusing on the robot taking the gaokao test.　　该篇报道关注了中国的AI发展，对参加高考的机器人进行了报道。　　"Since 2015, the robot AI-MATHS has been trained to tackle more than 10,000 math questions, according to Lin Hui, CEO of the company that developed the robot in partnership with Tsinghua University."　　“该公司和(,)合作研发出了这款机器人，而据该公司CEO林辉（音）表示称，自从2015年以来，机器人AI-MATHS已经被训练解决了10000多个数学题。”　　"In March, AI-MATHS scored 93 points in a mock math exam hosted in the southeastern city of Chengdu. 49 high-school students scored an average of 106 points out of 150 points."　　“3月份，AI-MATHS在成都一场数学模拟考试中获得了93分。而在这场总分150的考试中，49名高中生均分106分。”