　　Who was the interpreter when US First Daughter Ivanka Trump visited the Chinese Embassy for the first time?　　在美国第一女儿伊万卡首次拜访中国大使馆时，谁当翻译了？　　For the most part, the instrumental music performance and paper cutting show didn’t require any translation, as Ivanka led her daughter Arabella Rose Kushner during the Chinese Spring Festival celebrations at the embassy on Wednesday night in Washington DC.　　当伊万卡带领自己的女儿阿拉贝拉出席华盛顿周三晚的中国使馆新春庆典时，大多数乐器音乐表演和剪纸表演都不需要任何翻译。　　When Ivanka did have some questions while touring "Chinese New Year traditions in Beijing" and other art shows at the embassy, her five-year-old, who has been learning Mandarin, was there to help. A video clip showing her reciting a simple ancient Chinese poem in Mandarin two months ago has since gone viral on Chinese social media.　　当伊万卡在参观“北京农历新年传统”和大使馆的其他艺术节目时，就碰到一些问题了，她一直在学习普通话的五岁女儿此刻伸出了援手。两个月前，她背诵一首简单古诗的视频片段在中国社交媒体上走红。　　Throughout the tour at the embassy, Ivanka knelt down several times to talk with her daughter, who seemed to be enjoying her new present.　　在使馆旅行过程中，伊万卡几次低膝和女儿交谈，她的宝贝女儿似乎正在享受自己的新礼物。　　"She is my translator," a smiling Ivanka told Chinese Ambassador Cui Tiankai.　　微笑着的伊万卡对中国大使崔天凯说：“她是我的翻译”。　　Ivanka’s appearance at the Chinese New Year celebration has attracted widespread attention and curiosity from Chinese social media users. Her father, the new US president, has broken the tradition of sending New Year greetings to people of Chinese origin in the US during their most important festival.　　伊万卡出席中国新年庆典吸引了广泛的关注和来自中国社交媒体用户的好奇心。她的父亲——美国新任总统——打破了在美国华裔最重要的节日里送上新年祝福的传统。　　"It is amazing!" Ivanka said after watching a performance of traditional Chinese instrumental music and a group of dancers juggling hats on each other in a formation.　　伊万卡在看完传统中国乐器音乐表演和一群舞蹈演员杂耍彼此的帽子以后说：“这太棒了！”　　Ivanka came to the reception about an hour after it started. Earlier in the day, she traveled to Delaware with her father to honor the returning remains of a US Navy SEAL killed during a weekend raid in Yemen.　　招待会开始一个小时后，伊万卡出现了。当天早些时候，她和父亲访问了特拉华州，纪念在周末的也门突袭中阵亡的美国海军海豹突击队遗骸回归。　　At the beginning of the embassy reception, Ambassador Cui said, "Over these decades, we have learned that we should always respond to difficulties and challenges by cooperation, instead of conflict or confrontation."　　使馆招待会一开始，崔天凯大使说：“几十年来，我们已经明白，我们总是应该通过合作，而不是争议或者对抗来应对困难和挑战。”