　　A poll of 1,000 Brits aged between 18 and 65 voted on who they thought was the top style icon.　　1000名年龄介于18岁至65岁的英国人投票选出了他们心目中的最佳时尚偶像。　　Amazingly, Marilyn Monroe wasn't number one.　　令人惊讶的是，玛丽莲·梦露竟不是冠军。　　The most iconic beauty of the last century has been voted as model Cara Delevingne - who beat Marilyn Monroe into second place. The model, famed for her bushy-eyebrows, was the top "style icon".　　模特卡拉·迪瓦伊击败了排在第二位的玛丽莲·梦露，被选为上世纪最具代表性的美人。这位模特以浓眉著称，她也是一位顶级“时尚偶像”。　　Those taking part in the poll were asked to name their top three beauties, along with what they considered to be their "most striking" features.　　投票参与者被问及他们心目中的三位美人，以及他们认定的“最引人注目的”特征。　　The poll, by cosmetics brand NKDb, found that 66 per cent of those polled said make-up helped celebs - and normal folk - "stand out from the crowd"; with 48 per cent saying make-up "enhanced their natural beauty".　　该投票是由化妆品品牌NKDb发起的，其中66%的投票人表示化妆可以帮助名人及普通百姓“从人群中脱颖而出”，而48%的投票人称化妆可以“提升个人的自然美”。　　Lisa Dodds, also a co-founder of NKDb, said: "It's fascinating to see from the results of our latest survey which beauty looks from the past century the British public deem to be the most memorable and iconic.　　NKDb联合创始人丽莎·多兹表示：“我们最近的调查结果中最吸引人的就是英国公众心目中上世纪最值得纪念且最具代表性的美貌。”　　"All the looks highlighted have a unique twist to them which has meant that they remain front of mind with the British public."　　“对他们而言，所有引人注目的面容都有着独特的诀窍，这意味着他们（对妆容）的见解依然领先于英国大众。”　　Cara Delevingne has been voted the most iconic celeb of the last century.　　卡拉·迪瓦伊被选为上世纪最具代表性的名人。（第一名）　　Kim Kardashian was number three.　　金·卡戴珊位列第三。　　Audrey Hepburn was number four.　　奥黛丽·赫本排在了第四位。　　Twiggy made number five on the list.　　崔姬登上了榜单的第五位。　　British beauty Elizabeth Taylor made the top 10.　　英国美女伊丽莎白·泰勒入选前十名。　　Kylie Jenner was number seven on the list.　　凯莉·詹娜排在了榜单的第七位。　　Dita Von Tees is one of the great beauties of the last century.　　蒂塔·万提斯是上世纪的大美人之一。　　Gwen Stefani's red lips won her lots of fans.　　格温·史蒂芬妮的红唇为她赢得了大量粉丝。　　Adele's eyeliner won her lots of fans.　　阿黛尔的眼线为她赢得了大量粉丝。　　　　　　1. Cara Delevingne　　卡拉·迪瓦伊　　2. Marilyn Monroe　　玛丽莲·梦露　　3. Kim Kardashian　　金·卡戴珊　　4. Audrey Hepburn　　奥黛丽·赫本　　5. Twiggy　　崔姬　　6. Elizabeth Taylor　　伊丽莎白·泰勒　　7. Kylie Jenner　　凯莉·詹娜　　8. Dita Von Teese　　蒂塔·万提斯　　9. Gwen Stefani　　格温·史蒂芬妮　　10. Adele　　阿黛尔　　（来源：沪江英语）　　实习编辑：李孟洁