　　近日，中国新生代明星TFBOYS成员王源出席联合国会议，并发表演讲。以下为演讲原文：　　Dear excellencies, friends and colleagues,　　尊敬的各位阁下、朋友们、同事们：　　First, I would like to thank all speakers and panelists for the enlighting speeches.　　首先，我要感谢所有代表和嘉宾，感谢他们引人深思的发言。　　My name is Roy Wang. I’m a young singer and actor from China, the country that hosts 278 million young people, and the second largest youth population in the world.　　我叫王源，是来自中国的年轻歌手和演员。中国有两亿七千八百万青年人，是世界上青年人口第二多的国家。　　Until yesterday , I only saw the UN building on TV. so, this is the very first time that I am honored to participate in the youth forum to raise my voice.　　在昨天之前，我只是在电视上见过联合国大楼。我非常荣幸能够参加本届青年论坛，并代表中国青年发出声音。　　I’m grateful for this unique opportunity. I was fortunate to work with the United Nations China sub-group on use to advocate for the image 2030 Campaign, which aims at encouraging the young generation in China to reflect and think about the world we want to see in 2030, the year the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) are expected be achieved.　　我非常感谢能有这样一个机会，有幸能与联合国驻华系统的青年问题工作小组合作，共同倡导“畅想2030”活动。这个活动旨在鼓励中国年青一代反思并思考，到2030年我们要将世界建设成什么样子。2030年是可持续发展目标有望达成的一年。　　This campaign, meaningfully engaged a large number of young people, including millions of left-behind children, and other marginalized young people, and provided them with an opportunity to express their views and share their imagination to inspire our world.　　这个富有意义的活动，吸引了大量年轻人参加，其中包括无数留守儿童和其他边缘群体，为他们提供机会来表达他们的观点和想法，也让他们能够分享对于未来的畅想，以鼓舞我们的世界。　　I submitted a cartoon-drawing project. My passion for 2030 is that every young person can access good quality education, girls have the same potential to achieve amazing things as boys.　　我提交了一幅漫画作品。我期望在2030年，每个年轻人都能获得优质教育。女孩和男孩一样，都有潜力创造精彩。　　With the support from many young people across the country, the campaign, which has been running for a few months since October 26th, recorded over 500 million views online. Inspired by the campaign, understanding SDGs has become a fashion among the young people.　　在全国大量年轻人的支持下，这项2016年10月26日开始的活动，在几个月里就获得了超过5亿的网络阅读量。在这次活动的影响下，了解可持续发展目标已成为年轻人的时尚。　　Dear excellencies, friends, and colleagues, taking this opportunity, both as a leader and a young person myself, I want to reassure you of Chinese young people’s motivation to advance and realize SDGs wherever you are. I truly believe that our youth power can influence the world we live in, and hope that our determination can make a difference.　　尊敬的阁下、朋友们、同事们，借此机会，作为青年人以及青年代表，我向各位保证，无论您身在何处，都将看到中国的年轻一代积极推进和实现可持续发展的决心。我坚信，青年人的力量能影响我们所生活的世界，并且希望我们的坚定决心能够为改变世界提供助力。　　Thank you very much.　　谢谢。