　　男人总被告知要坚强，不要像女人一样，整个社会都弥漫着一种轻视女人的氛围，在此情况之下，许多男人都呈现出一种大男主主义。　　Have you ever seen or come across a male chauvinist? A man who insults, belittles, criticizes and even physically abuses women.　　你曾经看到过、或者遇到过大男子主义的男人吗？一个侮辱、轻视、批判、甚至殴打女人的男人。　　If not personally, you must have read or heard about such incidents in the media, and most people have the same reaction.　　如果没有，那么你一定在媒体上读到或者听说过这样的事件，而大多数人对此都有同样的反应。　　We get upset, it deeply disturbs us and we say, "What a sick man."　　我们感到很不安，这严重干扰到了我们的生活，我们还会说：“多么病态的人。”　　This is both figuratively and literally correct. Think about it; no one is born a bully.　　这句话从字面意思和比喻意义上来讲都是正确的。好好想一想，没有人生来就是恶霸。　　A baby boy does not come into the world with a stamp of male chauvinism or a misogynist.　　一个小男孩刚来这个世界上的时候，他并不是一个大男子主义者，并不厌恶女人。　　Such behavior is a result of cultural and psychological brainwashing.　　这样的行为是文化和心理层面洗脑的结果。　　A cranky and tired man comes home from work and rather than talking about his problems with his wife, he vents by yelling and beating her.　　一个脾气暴躁、疲倦的男人下班回家之后，他不会和妻子谈论自己的问题，而是冲她大喊大叫，拳打脚踢。　　Either he is a bad man, or maybe he saw the same routine from his parents while growing up and never heard his mother complain.　　或许他本质就是一个坏人，又或者他只是从小耳濡目染自己母亲被打而毫无怨言。　　His young mind thought that it’s okay to hit your wife once in a while.　　他幼稚的思想认为，偶尔打一打妻子是可以的。　　Tom is a loving husband, but he is distrustful and controlling.　　汤姆很爱妻子，但是他却不信任她，控制欲很强。　　It could be that Tom is naturally an insecure man, but it could be that he witnessed his mother cheating on his father and it ruined his ability to trust in a relationship.　　这可能是因为汤姆本身就是一个不安全的人，但也可能是他目睹了母亲背着父亲出轨，从此不再相信爱情。　　Maybe Saul makes dirty jokes and talks indecently to women because he heard the same kind of comments and jokes being made by his elders and saw that everybody laughed.　　也许索尔和女性说些下流话是因为他看到过自己长辈也曾和女人们开这些玩笑，而当时大家都呵呵大笑其乐融融。　　Sean was abused by his class teacher and has come to hate women everywhere.　　肖恩曾被本主任虐待过，从此憎恨所有女人。　　There are many Toms and Sauls in our society that were raised by male chauvinist fathers and mothers who not only tolerated but pretended that everything was fine.　　我们这个社会里有许多汤姆和索尔，在他们长大的家庭中有一个大男子主义的父亲，而他们的母亲不仅默默忍受而且还假装一切都好。　　Then when they grew up, it was the norm to them.　　而等他们长大之后，这就是他们的常态了。　　There are countless Seans who were mentally and physically abused by someone close to them, and now they take out their deep-rooted frustration on someone weaker than them.　　像肖恩那样被身边的人在身体和心理上加以虐待的人很多，而现在他们就将这种深植心中的苦难施加在了其他比他们弱的人身上。　　In our society, men are always told to be strong and not to act like a woman, which implies that women are weak. They have to be the providers or they feel they are not "man enough." Therefore, when their wife or some other woman around them is earning more than them or is more successful, they feel threatened and challenged by them and retaliate.　　在我们的社会里，男人总是被告知要坚强一点，不要像个女人一样，这就暗示说所有女人都是软弱无能的。他们必须成为施舍的一方，否则他们就会觉得自己“不够男人”。因此，如果他们的妻子或者身边其他女人比他们挣钱更多，或者更成功时，他们就感觉受到了威胁和挑战，就想要报复。　　Dozens of studies have shown that men react aggressively when their masculinity is challenged or questioned.　　许多研究都表明，当男人的男子气概遭到挑战和质疑的时候，他们就会变得非常具有攻击性。　　These men, the chauvinist and the bullies, need to be told over and over again that they do not need to fear women, and that it’s okay for men and women to be equals.　　这些男人，这些大男子主义者和恶霸们，需要一次又一次地被告知不要惧怕女人，男女平等没什么问题。　　Men with childhood traumas may need therapy to get over their issues.　　患有童年创伤的男人可能需要治疗才能克服他们的问题。　　There is no quick fix and some men may be damaged for good, but even if we can change a handful of them at a time, the world will be a better place for it.　　对于这个问题没什么快速的解决办法，而有些男人可能对其他人也是有害的，但是即使我们只能改变少数人，这个世界也会变得更好。