　　九大雅思作文开头方法分享给考生朋友们，想要取得雅思写作高分的话就要做足准备，开头结尾与主体段的写作任何一项都不能缺少。学霸都会收藏的资料，你也需要！　　雅思作文开头方法1　　通过媒体报道把问题呈现在读者面前，引发思考　　例如在写关于该不该禁烟的话题时，可以这样开头：　　A recent study conducted by Zhongshan University has found that the numberof smokers has been increasing sharply over the pastfive years. Researchfindings also reveal that the incidence of smoking-related conditions hassoared. As a result, the ban on smoking has been in the spotlight.　　(,)最近做的一个研究表明，在过去五年里，吸烟人数急剧上升。研究结果同时显示，吸烟导致的疾病发病率也急剧增长。因此，禁烟成为一个热点话题。这个开头通过媒体报道把问题呈现在读者面前，从而引出吸烟比例急剧上升造成的危害，引发读者思考。　　雅思作文开头方法2　　提出有争议性的问题，激发读者兴趣，使其积极参与讨论　　例如在写到警察是否应该持枪这篇文章时作者说：　　If police in the U.K. are able to go without guns and not have crimegetting completely out of control then they have already set a fine example thatother countries should follow. The fact that they are able to do this is anindication of their ability to control the flow of guns to the general populaceand this makes citizens safer than anything else. To a civilian, taking gunsaway from criminals is more important than giving them to police.　　提出这个有争议的话题，激发读者的兴趣，使读者积极参与到讨论中来，让大家各抒己见进行讨论。　　雅思作文开头方法3　　引起读者兴趣的话题　　例如在写关于体罚的话题文章时，采用这样一个开头：　　It is reported that a boy in Zhuhai was beaten to death by his father onFather' Day. Ample evidence also shows that children who are frequently abusedby their parents or teachers tend to be introverted, pessimistic, indifferentand even world-weary. Recently, there has arisen a fierce argument on whethercorporal punishment should be abolished. Teachers, parents and experts takediverse attitudes towards this issue.　　据报道，在父亲节那天，珠海有个小男孩被爸爸打死了。充分的证据也显示，经常遭父母或老师虐待的小孩往往比较内向、悲观、冷漠甚至厌世。近来，关于是否应该废除体罚出现了一场激烈的争论，老师、家长和专家各执一词。　　当读者看到这个话题时产生了浓厚的兴趣进而引起了对这件事情的思考。　　雅思作文开头方法4　　呈现该话题正反方的观点　　例如在写到男性和女性谁可以做更好的父母时可以这样开头：　　At the mere mention of women governing the world, most of us may naturallyform an unrealistic picture of a more peaceful world where the sun alwaysshines. The other side of the picture, however, is just to the opposite.　　在开头提出两种不同的观点，不同的读者可以根据自己对问题的看法进行思考，从而引发读者的探究心理，进一步思考这个问题从而得出结论。　　雅思作文开头方法5　　引用名人名言、谚语等作为文章的开头　　例如在写到先天跟后天哪一个更重要时，“Genius is two percent inspiration and ninety-eightpercent perspiration” is the opinion held by Edison. This remark has beenconfirmed time and again by more and more people.　　“天才是百分之二的灵感，百分之九十八的汗水”是爱迪生的观点，而且反复被越来越多的人所证实，通过引用名人名言揭示了文章的主题，为下文很好地做了铺垫。　　雅思作文开头方法6　　对将要讨论的话题进行定义　　例如在写到Globalization时：　　Globalization-the international spread of products, ideas andinformation-is bringing the world closer together. But globalization is not anew concept. For thousands of years, nations have roamed the earth in search ofnew markets and new sources of raw materials for their own industries.　　关于"全球化"这个名词，考生并不陌生，但是怎样用合理的语言来赋予它一个含义，这并非易事，上述的引言段就很好地做到了这一点，先是从字面上诠释了"全球化"的定义，进而又从实际生活角度赋予了它另外一层含义。　　雅思作文开头方法7　　追根溯源法　　即从题目给出的话题中找出这个现象产生的原因来扩展背景句。这种方法适合大多数的话题。例如There are social, medical andtechnical problems associated with the use of mobile phones. What forms do theytake? Do you agree that the problems outweigh the benefits of mobilephone?　　这个题目中给出的话题是mobile phone,所以考生可以从它产生的原因来考虑，就是科技的繁荣，而科技的繁荣，手机的广泛使用是在20世纪末，这样背景句就有内容可写了。当然要通过相应的句型来写，这个背景句就可以写成：　　The late 20th century witnessed the boom of science and technology, whichgave rise to a series of technological innovations, including the mobilephone.　　再比如另外一道题目：　　Nowadays, some universities offer students skills that assist them to findemployment, but some people believe that the main function of a universityshould be to provide students with access to knowledge for its sake. What isyour opinion?　　这题要求大家讨论大学是提供职业技能还是传授知识。从传统观点来看，大学是传授知识的地方，为什么会提出要传授技能呢?所以这里考生也可以用追根溯源法思考一下，大家肯定可以想到是由于找工作已经成为当今教育的目的之一了，所以很多大学就转移到以传授技能为主了。　　As job-hunting has become one of the main purposes of universityeducation,the majority of the universities tend to offer vocational trainings toprepare the students for their future career.　　雅思作文开头方法8　　重述法　　即对关于这个话题的当前现状的重述。　　举个栗子：　　Nowadays, people are facing more and more work-related stress. State thepossible reasons for this phenomenon and make some recommendations about how tocombat it.　　本题的话题关于压力，那考生可从当前社会现象来考虑这个问题，考生不难想出当下对压力这一现象的情况，即很多人都在承受着或多或少的压力。可用it isgenerally believed that … 形式主语的句型。　　参考:　　It is generally believed that white-collar as well as blue-collarsworkers are suffering from psychological and physical stress stemming fromwork.　　再看一例：　　Environmental problem is too big for individual countries and individualpeople to address. In other words, we have reached the stage where the only wayto protect the environment is at an international level. To what extent do youagree or disagree with this statement?　　本题话题为环境问题，考生也可用重述法对当前环境问题进行重述，这时，可以用In modern society/ At present,等表时间的介词短语来引导一个叙述句型。　　参考：　　In modern society, environment related issues have confronted ecologicalscientists, government agencies and the general public.　　雅思作文开头方法9　　定义法　　即通过对话题词的定义的介绍，这种方法有一定难度，考生需要有渊博的知识，才能做到对名词的解释，但对特别明显的词语，考生可借鉴这种方法。　　举个栗子：　　The main purpose of public libraries is to provide books and they shouldnot waste their limited resources and space on providing expensive hi-tech mediasuch as computer software, videos and DVDs. To what extent do you agree ordisagree with this statement?　　本题中的话题词为图书馆，可以解释的词也是图书馆比较方便容易。那么到底怎样解释呢，比如说图书馆在传统意义上来看，是收藏书的地方，而现在因为科技发展，使得图书馆的意义发生改变，从而引出话题。这里同样可以用形式主语：　　It is generally believed that public libraries are places with a largecollection of books; however, the digital time has given .it a new means ofstoring and retrieving information.　　以上就是九大雅思作文开头方法的详细介绍，了解之后，考生要更加用心准备，多加练习，查漏补缺，不断改进。祝大家学习快乐哦~