　　In this lesson you’re going to expand your vocabulary with 37 words to describe a person’s appearance。　　在这一课里，你将学会37个用来描述人的外表的英语单词，以后妈妈再也不用担心我们“评头论足”的时候词穷啦！　　Let’s begin with the word beautiful – in English， this word is mostly used for women。 We use the word handsome for men。 To describe beautiful women， we also have the words pretty， lovely， gorgeous， and stunning – “stunning” means extremely beautiful， like a woman who is so beautiful that she attracts a lot of attention！　　我们就从基础款beautiful开始吧——在英语中，这个词大多数时候是用于描述女性的。对于帅锅呢，我们一般会用handsome。一些用来说“美女”的进阶单词还包括：pretty，lovely，gorgeous和stunning——“stunning”的意思是女性极为漂亮，各种吸引注意力。　　　　Another expression to describe a woman like this is to say that “She turns heads” –implying that when she walks down the street， people turn their heads to focus their attention on her。　　还有一个用来说女生炒鸡炒鸡美的惯用语是“She turns heads”——意思是当这个女生走在大街上的时候，大家都会回过头来定睛凝视（也就是我们说的“回头率高”嘛）！　　The words attractive， good-looking， cute， and hot can be used for both men and women。 Cute is a more playful word to say a person is attractive； we often use “cute” for children and baby animals。 And the word hot is a slang word that you should only use during informal conversations among friends。　　对于两性均适用的单词则有：attractive， good-looking， cute 和hot。Cute是表达女性有吸引力的一种更调皮的说法；因为“cute”经常用来描述可爱的小孩或者小动物。Hot则是个俚语单词，朋友聊天之外的场合你可别乱用。　　The opposite of beautiful or handsome is ugly –but that’s a strong word， so most people express this idea using the negative form of one of the positive words， for example： “She’s not very attractive”or “He’s not so good-looking。”　　美丽和帅气的反义词当然是ugly丑陋啦——但是这可是一个感情色彩很强烈的单词，所以大多数人一般会用以上褒义词的否定说法来表达“丑”，比如说：“She’s not very attractive”或者“He’s not so good-looking”。　　Finally， there is the word plain –that describes a person who is ordinary-looking –not especially beautiful/handsome， but not especially ugly either。　　最后还有一个单词plain——这个是用来表达一个人相貌平平的，没有特别好看也没有特别丑。　　　　　　Okay， now let’s learn some words to describe body shape and size。 You already know the basic words fat and thin –but there are many other ways to say these。　　好，那我们现在就来学习一些用来描述身材的单词。你们肯定已经知道了诸如fat， thin的入门级词汇——不过还有很多种描述胖、瘦的表达。　　A person who is fat can also be described as overweight， heavy， big， or large。 The word for a person who is EXTREMELY fat is obese。　　胖还可以用overweight，heavy，big和large来表达。用来说一个人胖到极点的词是obese。　　We also have the word chubby to describe fat children； husky or heavyset to describe fat men； and plump or curvy to describe fat women （the word curvy has a more positive connotation， implying that the woman has a nice， full， feminine body）。　　用来说小朋友比较胖的词可以是chubby；肥胖的男性可以说成husky和heavyset；丰满的女性则用plump和curvy来表达（curvy的含义更积极，意指女性的身材很好很饱满，很有女人味）。　　If you want to say a specific part of the body is fat， you can say it is flabby –for example， “I hate my flabby stomach。”（typically used for arms， stomach， thighs， and butt）。　　如果你想说身体的某一个特定部位比较胖，你可以用flabby——比如，你可以说“我太讨厌我肉肉的肚子啦！”（这个词一般可以用于胳膊、肚腩、大腿、臀部等部位）。　　　　　　The opposite of fat is thin。 Some alternative words are slim， slender， skinny， lean， wiry， petite， and lanky。 In general， thin， slim， and slender are more positive， whereas skinny is often used as a criticism or negative point。　　胖的反义词就是thin（瘦）啦。其他的一些表达包括slim， slender， skinny， lean， wiry， petite和lanky。一般说来，thin，slim和slender是更具褒义的，skinny则是有一点批评的意味或者贬低的含义。　　The words lean and wiry mean that the person is thin AND muscular。 The word petite is only used for women， and means that the woman is short AND thin。 Finally， the word lanky means tall and thin。　　Lean和wiry意味着一个人不仅很苗条而且有肌肉。Petite则是用来描述瘦小的女性的。最后，又高又瘦的女性则用lanky来表达。　　　　　　What about a person with an athletic body？　　那运动员般的身材怎么形容呢？　　You can describe him or her as muscular， fit， strong， in good shape， or “ripped” –that’s a slang word meaning that the person has very well-defined and visible muscles –like the guy in this photo。　　你可以用muscular，fit，strong，in good shape来说，或者用“ripped”——这是俚语，意思是一个人的身材特别有型，肌肉线条明显——就像这张照片里的男人。　　本文来源：沪江英语　　责任编辑：陈熙