　　Shoes date back to the 8，000s BC – a very long history， indeed。 Over the millennia all manner of styles and materials have been used for shoes。 Some successful （the modern athletic shoe） and some not successful at all （lotus shoes）。 This list looks at ten bizarre styles of shoe from early to modern history。　　鞋子的历史可以追溯到公元前8000多年前——确实是一段非常之长的历史。数千年来，鞋子的风格各异，制作材料种类广泛。一些风格的鞋子做得非常成功（如现代运动鞋），有的则不忍直视（如三寸金莲鞋）。这份列表列出了历史早期到现代十大奇葩怪鞋之最。　　　　　　Long before the 1970’s and the platform shoes， Japanese maiko （apprentice geisha） had been wearing Okobo sandals or clogs。 The reason for wearing these very high platform shoes was not solely for fashion， but also for very practical reasons。 If you are wearing a very expensive kimono that hangs all the way to your feet， you do not want to get mud on it when you walk outside。　　早在20世纪70年代松糕鞋问世之前，日本舞妓（学徒艺妓）就已经在穿高跟木屐人字拖或高跟木底鞋了。人们穿这种超厚的松糕鞋并不仅仅是为了赶时髦，还有非常现实的原因在里面。如果你穿着一件很贵的和服，衣服一直拖到脚的位置，你绝对不想在外面走路时衣服粘上泥巴。　　　　9、男士高跟鞋 欧洲 18世纪　　Shoes and stockings became very important for men in the 1700’s， when the tailored coat and breeches came into fashion and the focus shifted to the lower body。 Suddenly， it was all about the shapely legs， and men wanted to wear flattering， fanciful hose and shoes to accentuate them。 Louis XIV also had a thing for high heels with red soles and heels。 It must have been tough being short in stature but lofty in power， so I guess he thought he would even it up a bit。　　18世纪，鞋子和长筒袜是（欧洲）男性 非常重要的物件，当时正流行定制外套和裤装，并且人们开始注意自己下半身的线条。人们突然都想要纤长的腿型，而且男士们想穿着优雅华丽的裤子和鞋子来衬托 自己的腿型。路易十四也对红色鞋底和鞋跟的高跟鞋情有独钟。有着强大的权力但是身材矮小一定是件很煎熬的事情，所以我猜他当时肯定想稍稍补救一下。　　　　8、卡卡鞋 黎巴嫩 14-17世纪　　Silver studded Wooden stilts known as “kabkabs” or “nalins” were once a practical way for women in the Middle East to protect themselves from dirt and discomfort on wet， muddy streets and in hot， wet bathhouses。 Those belonging to the wealthy were often richly inlaid with mother of pearl。 They were several inches high and had embroidered leather， silk or velvet straps。　　银色点缀的木质高跷鞋“kabkabs”或称“nalins”曾是中东国家女性居家实用的步履，在泥泞的街道上和高温、潮湿的浴室里不会粘到泥土或是感到不舒服。这种鞋通常是有钱人才穿，一般都会镶嵌以大量的贝壳。这种鞋有几英尺高，而且还会配上皮质、丝绸或是天鹅绒鞋带。　　　　7、褶皱桦树皮鞋 芬兰 20世纪中期　　In the early part of the 20th century， women wore bark shoes daily， with cloth foot wrap inserts。 They were also used as overshoes to protect more costly leather shoes against rain， mud and snow。 These shoes were commonly made from Birch bark， but they could also be made from linden or lime-tree bark。　　在二十世纪早期，女性平日里都会穿着内里包有裹脚布的树皮鞋。这种鞋也会用作套鞋穿，使昂贵的皮鞋不粘上雨雪和泥巴。这种鞋通常是用桦树树皮做的，但也会用菩提树或是椴树树皮做材料。　　　　6、软木厚底鞋 意大利 1580-1620年　　Today， only a very small number of museums have examples of original chopines。 The debut of these shoes was during the renaissance， but they were still the shoe of choice for many Italian women at the beginning of the 17th century。 Like the Japanese Okobo， Chopines were highly impractical， their primary purpose was to make the wearer stand out。　　如今，只有少数几个博物馆才有原始的软木厚底鞋的样板。这种鞋最初出现在文艺复兴时期，但17世纪初期许多意大利妇女仍会选择穿这种鞋。像日本的高跟木屐鞋一样，这种软木厚底鞋一点都不实用，一开始它的用处就是为了穿着者引人注目。　　　　5、无跟鞋 2007年　　I decided to put a couple of modern shoe designs here too， as they are just too bizarre to miss。 Heelless shoes made their debut on Antonio Berardi’s runway in 2007， and were made famous by Victoria Beckham in 2008。 And despite their unnatural and extremely uncomfortable look， according to their English Italian designer， they do not cause the wearer any pain。　　我（作者）决定将一些现代鞋子的设计也放在这里，因为它们实在是奇葩得不要不要的，千万不容错过！！！无跟鞋在2007年安东尼奥·贝拉尔迪品牌的秀场上首次公开亮相，2008年维多利亚·贝克汉姆使之声名大噪。据该鞋的英裔意大利设计者称，尽管看起来很奇怪让人感到极其不舒服，但这种鞋穿起来并不会让人脚痛。　　　　4、圣鞋（夹趾鞋） 印度 18世纪　　Ceremonial padukas， or toe-knob sandals， is the name of India’s oldest， and ultimate footwear。 They were little more than a sole with a post and knob， which was situated between the big toe and second toe。 They were commonly made from silver， wood， iron or even ivory。　　圣鞋或夹趾凉鞋是一种仪式用鞋，取自印度鞋类中最古老的，无法超越的名称。这种鞋只有一个鞋底和介于大拇趾和第二趾之间的一根小柱子和圆纽。这种鞋制作的材料通常是银、木材、铁甚至是象牙。　　　　3、木质新娘鞋 法国 19世纪晚期　　Out of the Bethmale Valley， south of the city Saint Girons in the Ariege district， comes this high pointed bridal wooden shoe。 They go back as far as the 9th century， when local villagers conquered a camp of Moorish invaders， who kidnapped the village women， and pricked the hearts of their enemy on the pointed tips of their clogs， in celebration of their victory。　　这种高尖头新娘木质鞋源于阿列日省圣日龙市南部的贝特玛尔山谷。其历史可以追溯到九世纪时期，当时，当地的村民抵御了一群摩尔人的入侵，这些摩尔人经常掳走村庄的妇女，并且为庆祝胜利他们还会将敌人的心脏挖出插在木鞋尖头处。　　　　2、芭蕾舞靴 20世纪80年代至今　　The ballet boot is a contemporary style of footwear。 They started as a fetish shoe， but have grown in popularity as a general fashion statement， particularly in Japan。 This shoe merges the look of the traditional ballet slipper with the ultimate high heel。 The illusion is to force the wearers feet almost en pointe， like those of a ballerina using an ultra long heel。　　芭蕾靴是现代风格的鞋类。这种鞋兴起于人们的恋鞋癖，但后来尤其是在日本，逐渐流行开来成为了一种时尚宣言。这种鞋是带着恨天高的传统芭蕾舞鞋样式。其概念就是让人足尖顶地，像是踩着超长鞋跟的芭蕾舞女演员一样。　　　　1、金莲鞋 中国 10世纪到2009年　　The Han Chinese tradition of binding women’s feet to make them appear as small as a lotus bud lasted well over a thousand years。 Shoes from the north， especially Beijing， had a ‘bow’ shape， an exaggerated curved sole and heel in one piece， often with leather reinforcements at toe and heel。　　汉朝妇女裹足使其双足成莲花花蕾大小的传统沿袭了一千多年。中国北方尤其是北京地区的鞋子呈“弓”状——鞋底和鞋跟几乎连为一体，鞋子脚趾和脚跟处通常会有皮质硬物做支撑。（来源：沪江英语）　　责任编辑：陈熙