　　来源：美国《父母》杂志　　作者：David Lowry， Ph.D；中文翻译：轻舟一叶　　在美国绝大多数的孩子是有礼貌懂规矩，而且常常是很“有眼色”。见人打招呼，说话看着人，不摇头晃脑，公共场合不大声，帮别人开门等等，每个孩子都会有无知和调皮的时候，某一阶段某些事情上的“没规矩”，所以，美国家庭给孩子规定的这些礼仪，很值得我们学习借鉴！　　01。　　When asking for something， say “Please。”　　向别人询问事情，说“请”。　　02。　　When receiving something， say “thank you。”　　当接受东西时，说“谢谢。”　　03。　　Don‘t interrupt grown-ups who are speaking with each other unless there is an emergency。 They will notice you and respond when they are finished talking。　　除非有意外，否则切勿打断大人们的交谈。大人谈完话后会注意到你并回答你。　　04。　　If you do need to get somebody‘s attention right away， the phrase “excuse me” is the most polite way for you to enter the conversation。　　当你需要他人的注意或想与人谈话，最礼貌的短语是“Excuse me” （对不起，打扰了）。　　05。　　When you have any doubt doing something， ask permission first。 It can save you from many hours of grief later。　　当你不确信事情可不可以做，先问许可。这样可以避免日后长时间的悔过之痛。　　06。　　The world is not interested in what you dislike。 Keep negative opinions to yourself， or between you and your friends， and out of earshot of adults。　　不要期望全世界都关心你是否喜欢一件事，将消极的想法留给自己或与朋友们保留，不要向大人们诉苦。　　07。　　Don‘t comment on other people’s physical characteristics unless， of course， it‘s to compliment them， which is always welcome。　　不要评论他人的外表，当然除非是好评，好评总受欢迎。　　08。　　When people ask you how you are， tell them and then ask them how they are。　　当别人问你可好，回答他们，并问他们可好。　　09。　　when you have spent time at your friend‘s house， remember to thank his or her parents for having you over and for the good time you had。　　当你到朋友家玩时，记住对你朋友的父母说谢谢邀请，也谢谢在一起的好时光。　　10。　　Knock on closed doors - and wait to see if there‘s a response - before entering。　　门若是关着的，请敲门，等着回音，再进去。　　11。　　When you make a phone call， introduce yourself first and then ask if you can speak with the person you are calling。　　当你打电话时，先介绍自己，然后问可否与你要通话的人交谈。　　12。　　Be appreciative and say “thank you” for any gift you receive。 In the age of e-mail， a handwritten thank-you note can have a powerful effect。　　收到任何礼物，都要感恩，并说“谢谢”。在有电子邮件的年代，手写的“感谢卡”价值尤显珍贵。　　13。　　Never use foul language in front of adults。 Grown-ups already know all those words， and they find them boring and unpleasant。　　在大人面前绝不可以说粗话。大人了解这些脏话，他们觉得脏话沉闷又粗鲁。　　14。　　Don‘t call people mean names。　　不要给人起低劣的绰号。　　15。　　Do not make fun of anyone for any reason。 Teasing shows others you are weak， and ganging up on someone else is cruel。　　不要因任何原因取笑任何人。取笑人表明你很软弱，与别人合伙来欺负人是很残忍的事。　　16。　　Even if a play or an assembly is boring， sit through it quietly and pretend that you are interested。 The performers and presenters are doing their best。　　若戏剧或会议很枯燥，仍然要安静地坐着，让人感觉你是感兴趣的。表演者和演讲者都在尽全力。　　17。　　If you bump into somebody， immediately say “excuse me。”　　若不小心碰撞到别人，立即说“对不起”。　　18。　　Cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze， and don‘t pick your nose in public。　　咳嗽或打喷嚏时，请遮住嘴。不要在公众场合挖鼻孔。　　19。　　As you walk through a door， look to see if you can hold it open for someone else。　　当你穿走门道时，看看你能否为他人扶门。　　20。　　If you come across apparent， a teacher， or a neighbor working on something， as if you can help。 If they say “yes”， do so -you may learn something new。　　你父母、老师或邻居在做事情时，若你经过，询问是否可以帮助他们，若他们说“可以”，你去帮助他们——你很可能学会做新的事情。　　21。　　When an adult asks you for a favor， do it without grumbling and with a smile。　　大人请你帮忙时，带着微笑毫无怨言地去做。　　22。　　When someone helps you， say “thank you”。 That person will likely want to help you again。 This is especially true with teachers！　　当别人帮助你时，说“谢谢”。帮助你的人会更愿意再帮助你。尤其是对老师而言。　　23。　　Use eating utensils properly。 If you are unsure how to do so， ask your parents to teach you or watch what adults do。　　正确地使用餐具。若不太确信如何使用，问你父母，让他们教你，或观察其他大人是如何使用的。　　24。　　Keep a napkin on your lap； use it to wipe your mouth when necessary。　　用餐时，将餐巾纸放膝上，需要时用纸巾擦嘴。　　25。　　Don‘t reach for things at the table； ask to have them passed。　　用餐时，不要伸出手去拿桌上的东西；请别人将食物传给你。　　来源：口袋英语精选微信公众账号　　责任编辑：陈熙