　　　　　　Life is scary。 One day you wake up feeling like you can take over the world， and the next day you wake up feeling like all you want to do is to lay in bed and hide from everything。　　生活让人胆寒。一天醒来你还觉得自己能够接管世界，隔天起来你就只想在床上躺着，不理世事。　　People walk into your life， grab your hand， and lead you the most beautiful path you‘ve known， but sometimes the same people let go of your hand without warning， and you become stranded at a place where you never thought you’ld feel lost。　　有人走入你的生活，抓着你的手，向你展示已知的美好人生之路。但同样是这个人，在毫无预警的情况下放开你的手，你被困在当下，之前从未想过人生会如此迷惘。　　Let‘s be honest， sometimes everything is going so great and it seems like nothing could go wrong ， but right when you begin to think that， something so horrible comes crashing down and all of a sudden more problems come ricocheting around you and you just feel so hopeless cause it’s so bad。。。　　诚然，有时候一切看起来顺风顺水，当你这样认为的时候，一些不好的事情就会接踵而至（福兮祸所伏），一下让你很难接受，万念俱灰。　　It‘s so hard to understand why such things happen in life，and I personally wish I had an answer to that “why？” you always ask yourself ， but all I can say that is no matter how hard life gets，you have to keep going。 The life around you will never stop going on。　　生活真是让人费解，一念天堂，一念地狱。我真心希望自己能领悟生活为什么会这样。但无论生活怎样艰难，你也只能熬着。生活一直在继续。　　I‘ll be honest and say that sometimes I feel a little bit worried and all I can think is “will I be able to keep up？ What if everything goes too fast？” But I realized that being scared and living with that burden of running away from problems only slow me down even more。　　老实说我总是有点担心，我所想的就是“我还能不能坚持？如果一切都这样飞速发展着？”但我意识到，老是这样战战兢兢，回避问题，反而让自己更加落后。　　And I‘ve come to the point where I believe that because life never stops， I shouldn’t stop either。 It‘s okay to take break and to give yourself time to heal， but you cannot give up and you cannot quit。　　而且关键在于生活不止，追求不息。停下来休息一会儿，或是抽点时间自愈下没有问题，但是你不能放弃，一定不要放弃。　　Keep positive， fill you heart with gratitude for what you already have， and always remind to humble and true to who you are！　　你能做的是，保持积极乐观，常怀感恩之心，保持谦卑，活出真我！　　　　　　　　　　来源：沪江英语　　责任编辑：陈熙