　　Once upon a time， there were three little pigs who went off to build their houses。　　从前，有三只小猪，他们想要去建自己的房子。　　The first little pig built his house out of straw， which was not very strong。　　第一只小猪用稻草建了自己的房子，但是不是特别结实。　　One day， the big bad wolf came and said， “Little pig， little pig， let me come in。”　　有一天，大灰狼来了，对小猪说：“小猪，小猪，快让我进去！”　　“Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin，” said the first little pig。　　“不，不，我连一根毛都不会让你抓到的！”第一只小猪说。　　“Then I‘ll huff and I’ll puff， and I‘ll blow your house down， little pig。”　　“那我就会非常生气，我要吹一口气，把你的房子吹倒！小猪！”　　And he huffed， and he puffed， and he blew the first pig‘s house down。　　然后，他发怒，他吹气，他把第一只小猪的房子吹倒了。　　The second little pig built his house out of sticks， which were also not very strong。　　第二只小猪用树枝建了一个房子，但这个房子也不是很结实。　　One day， the big bad wolf came and said， “Little pig， little pig， let me come in。”　　有一天，大灰狼来了，他对小猪说：“小猪，小猪，快让我进去！”　　“Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin，” said the second little pig。　　“不，我连一根毛都不会让你抓到的！”第二只小猪说。　　“Then I‘ll huff and I’ll puff， and I‘ll blow your house down， little pig。”　　“那我就会非常生气，我要吹一口气，把你的房子吹倒！小猪！”　　And he huffed， and he puffed， and he blew the second pig‘s house down。　　然后，他发怒，他吹气，他把第二只小猪的房子吹倒了。　　The third little pig built his house out of bricks， which were very strong。　　第三只小猪用砖头建了一栋房子，非常结实。　　One day， the big bad wolf came and said， “Little pig， little pig， let me come in。”　　有一天，大灰狼来了，他对小猪说：“小猪，小猪，快让我进去！”　　“Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin，” said the third little pig。　　“不，我连一根毛都不会让你抓到的！”第三只小猪说。　　“Then I‘ll huff and I’ll puff， and I‘ll blow your house down， little pig。”　　“那我就会非常生气，我要吹一口气，把你的房子吹倒！小猪！”　　But no matter how much the wolf huffed and puffed， the house did not blow down。　　但是不管怎么吹怎么发怒，房子都没有被吹倒。　　So the big bad wolf said， “Little pig， I‘ll come down the chimney and eat you all up。”　　大灰狼说：“我要从烟囱里下来，把你们都吃掉！”　　But when the wolf came down the chimney， he fell into a pot of boiling water！　　但是当从烟囱里爬下来的时候，他掉进了一口烧着开水的大锅里。　　And the three little pigs lived happily ever after and they were all safe in the third pig’s house that was made of bricks。　　三只小猪幸福地生活在了一起，他们在第三只小猪的砖房里非常安全。　　来源：VIPKID英文亲子阅读的微信公众账号